Readme.md, before:

- [Main description](#orgf1976f9)
  - [*TODO* list <code>[5/16]</code>](#orga5dc309)


<a id="orgf1976f9"></a>

# Main description

Project made as a home work for the subject "Android Programming Fundamentlals", part of the [Master de Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Móviles](<http://mmoviles.upv.es>). It works as a list/map with that shows trees that has been classified as monumental. The app has being developed in Java. I like Kotlin, but i want to refresh Java and, honestly, i feel building time for Java is shorter than for Kotlin.


<a id="orga5dc309"></a>

# *TODO* list <code>[5/16]</code>

-   [X] Retrofit for network
-   [X] Room for caching/storing info
-   [X] LiveData to update UI
-   [X] MVVM
-   [X] CardView to show info
-   [ ] Map with all trees and our position
-   [ ] Valencia/Castellón/Alicante options
-   [ ] Spinner when loading data
-   [ ] Click on CardView shows details
-   [ ] Landscape design
-   [ ] Some user options
-   [ ] Filtering by species
-   [ ] Filtering by town
-   [ ] Distance request to Google API
-   [ ] Favorite and visited lists
-   [ ] Adding photos to a selected tree

Commit message:

Spinner and progress bar working both.

Readme.md, after:

- [Main description](#orgdeb4de3)
  - [*TODO* list <code>[9/19]</code>](#org4588a51)


<a id="orgdeb4de3"></a>

# Main description

Project made as a home work for the subject "Android Programming Fundamentlals", part of the [Master de Desarrollo de Aplicaciones Móviles](<http://mmoviles.upv.es>). It works as a list/map with that shows trees that has been classified as monumental. The app has being developed in Java. I like Kotlin, but i want to refresh Java and, honestly, i feel building time for Java is shorter than for Kotlin.


<a id="org4588a51"></a>

# *TODO* list <code>[9/19]</code>

-   [X] Retrofit for network
-   [X] Room for caching/storing info
-   [X] LiveData to update UI
-   [X] MVVM
-   [X] CardView to show info
-   [X] Toolbar
-   [X] Valencia/Castellón/Alicante spinner
-   [X] Progress indicator when loading data
-   [X] Observers cancellations between requests
-   [ ] Click on CardView to show details
-   [ ] Map with all trees and our position
-   [ ] Landscape design
-   [ ] Some user options
-   [ ] Error control if network request fails
-   [ ] Filtering by species
-   [ ] Filtering by town
-   [ ] Distances request to Google API
-   [ ] Favorite and visited lists
-   [ ] Adding photos and more info (thing about it) to the selected tree, in the detail screen
